Copy `libc++_shared.so` for Android builds (#1265)
spatialos/gdk-for-unity: UPGRADE_GUIDE.md

## From `0.3.2` to `0.3.3`

### Building for Android now requires the NDK

> You can install the NDK from within the Unity Hub. Select "Add Modules" for your Unity install and ensure that the "Unity SDK & NDK" is ticked under the "Android Build Support".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can install the NDK from within the Unity Hub. Select "Add Modules" for your Unity install and ensure that the "Unity SDK & NDK" option is ticked underneath "Android Build Support".
```
